class-39/lab/README.md, before:

# Lab: Cookie Stand Admin Version 3

## Overview

Your job is to continue work on `Cookie Stand Admin` app using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/){:target="_blank"} and style using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/){:target="_blank"}.

But now you'll be working with data from a remote API!

## Annoying Change Explanation

The component names have changed slightly since last version. That is intentional. The concepts should map over from previous lab. E.g. `<Header> --> <CookieStandHeader>`. There's a reason for this, and it's not to pester you!

Also, the layout of Cookie Stand Form has changed a bit. This WILL happen all the time as devs. We may as well get used to it now.

## Feature Tasks and Requirements

- All features from versions 1 an 2 should be complete.
- The `specs` for lab are screen shots [Cookie Stand Admin Version 3](./cookie-stand-admin-version-3.png){:target="_blank"} and [Cookie Stand Admin Login](./cookie-stand-admin-login.png){:target="_blank"}
- `pages/Index.js` should export a `<Home>` component.
- `<Home>` requirements
  - If user is NOT logged in then `<LoginForm>` should render.
  - If user IS logged in then `<CookieStandAdmin>` component should render.
- `<LoginForm>` requirements
  - Should receive a function passed in to call when form is submitted.
  - The function should be called with `username` and `password` arguments.
- `<CookieStandAdmin>` requirements
  - When user fills out form to add location then the data should be posted to API
  - While waiting for API response the `<CookieStandTable>` should render the new row in a pending state.
  - When API response is complete then `<CookieStandTable>` should render latest data.
- `<CookieStandTable>` requirements
  - Component should continue to display Cookie Stand info as in version 2
  - Add a `delete` icon in each stand's location cell.
  - Clicking `delete` icon should immediately delete the Cookie Stand.
  - API should be informed that Cookie Stand was deleted.
- Continue to style all components using TailwindCSS utility classes to match spec.

## Implementation Notes

- Continue work in `cookie-stand-admin` repository
- You will be supplied with an API URL by instructor
- You will be supplied a username/password to use API
- **IMPORTANT** Complete version 1 & 2 tasks before moving on to version 3 features.
- Pro tip: [Tailwind CSS Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=andrewmcodes.tailwindcss-extension-pack){:target="_blank"}

### User Acceptance Tests

No testing required.

## Configuration

Continue work in `cookie-stand-admin` repository in Github

Refer to [Lab Submission Instructions](../../../reference/submission-instructions/labs/){:target="_blank"} for detailed instructions.

### Stretch Goals

- Use your own API instead of supplied one.
- Add a confirmation dialog when deleting a Cookie Stand.
- Add a list of Cookie Stand locations to `Overview` page.
  - There is some trickiness here regarding logged in status. Try to figure it out!
- Add `edit` feature.

Commit message:

Added new class 34 and 39 also added class 38 demo

class-39/lab/README.md, after:

# Lab: Cookie Stand Admin Version 3

## Overview

Your job is to continue work on `Cookie Stand Admin` app using [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/){:target="_blank"} and style using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/){:target="_blank"}.

But now you'll be working with data from a remote API!

## Annoying Change Explanation

The layout of Cookie Stand Form has changed a bit. Sometimes the client will change their mind. This WILL happen all the time as devs. We may as well get used to it now.

## Feature Tasks and Requirements

- All features from versions 1 an 2 should be complete.
- The `specs` for lab are screen shots [Cookie Stand Admin Version 3](./cookie-stand-admin-version-3.png){:target="_blank"} and [Cookie Stand Admin Login](./cookie-stand-admin-login.png){:target="_blank"}
- `pages/Index.js` should export a `<Home>` component.
- `<Home>` requirements
  - If user is NOT logged in then `<LoginForm>` should render.
  - If user IS logged in then `<CookieStandAdmin>` component should render.
- `<LoginForm>` requirements
  - Should receive a function passed in to call when form is submitted.
  - The function should be called with `username` and `password` arguments.
- `<CookieStandAdmin>` requirements
  - When user fills out form to add location then the data should be posted to API
  - While waiting for API response the `<CookieStandTable>` should render the new row in a pending state.
  - When API response is complete then `<CookieStandTable>` should render latest data.
- `<CookieStandTable>` requirements
  - Component should continue to display Cookie Stand info as in version 2
  - Add a `delete` icon in each stand's location cell.
  - Clicking `delete` icon should immediately delete the Cookie Stand.
    - In other words, it should NOT require a page refresh.
  - API should be informed that Cookie Stand was deleted.
- Continue to style all components using TailwindCSS utility classes to match spec.

## Implementation Notes

- Continue work in `cookie-stand-admin` repository
- Ideally, you will have front end communicate with your API.
  - If your API is not fully functional then communicate with instructor to get access to a test API.
- **IMPORTANT** Complete version 1 & 2 tasks before moving on to version 3 features.
- Pro tip: [Tailwind CSS Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=andrewmcodes.tailwindcss-extension-pack){:target="_blank"}

### User Acceptance Tests

No testing required.

## Configuration

Continue work in `cookie-stand-admin` repository in Github

Refer to [Lab Submission Instructions](../../../reference/submission-instructions/labs/){:target="_blank"} for detailed instructions.

### Stretch Goals

- Use your own **deployed** API instead of one running on localhost or that has beep supplied by instructor.
- Add a confirmation dialog when deleting a Cookie Stand.
- Add a list of Cookie Stand locations to `Overview` page.
  - There is some trickiness here regarding logged in status. Try to figure it out!
- Add `edit` feature.
